Meeting documentation: 
 
11/11-2024
We set a plan for the whole project and decided that Elena & Kirill are responsible for moment 1, Dennis & Magnus for moment 2 and Ronja & Linnea for moment 3. We agreed on using Elenas repo and to use Git lens to handle conflicts easier. 

We set a number one rule: To ALWAYS pull before we push to avoid conflicts! We decided to communicate through PR, Projectboard in GitHub, Issues and our chattgroup in discord.
We decided to have meetings every monday at 8pm. 


13/11-2024
We set a more detailed plan and created all neccessary files together.
To make sure that the workflow goes smoothly, between each moment we decided to implement a temporary card and create services for API. 
We discussed extensions that are useful. 
We distributed every task and agreed on putting them all in our projectboard on GitHub.

18/11-2024
Today we have discussed how to move forward with our project. We have debugged code together so that our groupmembers can solve their problems. We had discussions about vite and bundling and we made a decision to convert our project to vite. We decided that for each PR has to have two reviewers to ensure that the code holds a high quality before merging. 

We are in phase. 
![Meeting #2](images/241118.png) This is a screenshot of our projectboard right now. 

**We have set a deadline for our group: 27/11**

26/11-2024
Today we decided to use JEST testing in our project. 
We are in phase for both deadlines.
![Meeting #2](images/241126.png) This is a screenshot of our projectboard right now.

28/11-2024
We had a check up meeting to see where we`re at and how everything is going. 
We are making the final adjustments before our merge into main. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROJECT part 2:

5/12-2024
Our team have agreed on taking notes in board notes and docs on trello.
We have decided to create our own branches, cards and then connect them to our remote repo at GitHub. 
We want to achieve a continous flow in our project-board to keep things moving. 
Reviews and feedback has to have a high priority. 
Our principle is to daily watch over our bord to see if there are any pending reviews to be made. 
We will have smaller deadlines and work in sprints.

Potential improvements and adjustments will be listed in our backlog, where everyone gets to choose what to work on. 
We will take responsibility for our own cards and add our names to them.

Grade-ambitions will be different for everyone in the team, but our goal is to set a solid structure based on organic teamwork, considering the required level of the assignment.
Communication is key!

Elena will dive into GitHub actions and unit testing. 
Anyone who wants to join, is welcome to do so. 

Meeting with Andreas 6/12, 14:00
Our main-focus needs to be KANBAN and the velocity that the method requires. 
To set our priorities straight, we need to get our cards moving!
We have an opportunity to be creative and add our own ideas into the list of improvements.
We also decided to take notes in this documentation file, because trello will soon limit our communicational opportunities. 
Our main focus should not be to set up SPRINTS in a specific time frame, but to keep the cards moving continously!

*********************************************
Today we set our rules and principle considering our teamwork in this part of the project. They are the following:
* Our teamwork will be based on a majoritarian democracy. 
* Our principle is to daily watch over our bord to see if there are any pending reviews to be made. 
* We will use conventional commits in our work.
* Everyone in our team has to review at least one PR 
* 2 reviewers has to approve for merge to go through to the main-branch.  
* Every team member is expected to participate in the meetings that are scedueled with our mentor. 
*********************************************
